Prepare for 0.9.1 (#959)
Microsoft/vscode-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.9.1

> * Add debugger argument `debuggerWorkerUrlPath` that provides the ability to change path to the React Native `debuggerWorker.js` file [#947](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-react-native/issues/947)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added debugger configuration parameter `debuggerWorkerUrlPath` that provides the ability to change path to the React Native `debuggerWorker.js` file [#947](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-react-native/issues/947)
```

> * Fix [js-yaml security vulnerability](https://www.npmjs.com/advisories/788)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed [js-yaml security vulnerability](https://www.npmjs.com/advisories/788)
```
